44 English Phonetic Sounds with Example
Words Consonance Pen Happy Stop B Big
Rubber Web Tea Butter Cat D Dog Ladder
Bed Cat Ticket Black Go Bigger Bag Fan
Coffee Leaf V Very Over Love Think Math
Teeth V This Mother Breathe Sun Miss
Goose Zoo Buzz Days Shoe Wash Bush
Measure Vision Beige Hat Behind Ahead Ch
Chair Teacher Watch J Jam Enjoy Bridge M
Man Hammer Dream N No Funny Sun N Sing
Finger Long L Leg Yellow Cool Run Carry
Car E Yes Beyond Onion Wet Always Queen
Vowels Vowels E See Beach Key E Sit Big
Win A Bed Head Said A Cat Bag Hat A Car
Farm Farm Heart A Hot Dog Lock A Ball
Talk Butt Boo Put Foot Good Boo Boot Boot
Blue Blue Blue Food A Cup Luck Sun Sun A
Bird Work Learn A About Pencil Doctor A
Say Say Say Wait Day Day I My Like Time
Boy Boy Toy Noise O Go Home No O Boy Boy
Toy Noise O Go Home No O O god Boy salir
Either Mr. Bye Byeства competency A